feat(python): Add keep-alive option (#9498)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/troubleshooting.mdx

- "What do I do if scope data is leaking between requests?"
- "What do I do if my transaction has nested spans when they should be parallel?"
- "What do I do if the SDK has trouble sending events to Sentry?"

## Addressing Concurrency Issues

> The short answer to the first two questions: check if your `contextvars` work and
> you clone the hub where needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The short answer to the first two questions: make sure your `contextvars` work and
that your hubs were cloned for each concurrency unit.
```

This [issue has been fixed with gevent 20.5](https://github.com/gevent/gevent/issues/1407) but continues to be one for
eventlet.

## Network Issues

Your SDK might have issues sending events to Sentry.
In case of errors and tracing data, this manifests as errors and transactions
missing in Sentry. In case of cron monitors, you might be seeing crons
marked as timed out in Sentry when you know they've run successfully. The SDK
itself might be logging errors about the connection getting reset or the
server closing the connection without response.

If you experience this, try turning on the <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#keep-alive">keep-alive</PlatformLink> configuration option, available in SDK

> version `1.43.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions `1.43.0` and up.
```
